Add overview dashboard to cert manager integration (#827)
DataDog/integrations-extras: cert_manager/README.md

This check collects metrics from [cert-manager][1].

![Cert-Manager Overview Dashboard][2]

## Setup

Follow the instructions below to install and configure this check for an Agent running on a host. For containerized environments, see the [Autodiscovery Integration Templates][3] for guidance on applying these instructions.

### Installation

> #### With Agent versions >=7.26.0 or >=6.26.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Agent versions >=7.26.0 or >=6.26.0
```

> The best way to use an integration from integrations-extra with the Docker Agent is to build the Agent with this integration installed. Use the following Dockerfile to build an updated version of the Agent that includes the `cert_manager` integration from integrations-extras.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use an integration from `integrations-extra` with the Docker Agent, Datadog recommends building the Agent with the integration installed. Use the following Dockerfile to build an updated version of the Agent that includes the `cert_manager` integration from `integrations-extras`:
```

FROM gcr.io/datadoghq/agent:latest
RUN agent integration install -r -t datadog-cert_manager==<INTEGRATION_VERSION>

> #### With Agent versions <7.26.0 or <6.26.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Agent versions <7.26.0 or <6.26.0
```
